README.md, before:

# ee590 hw9 problem 5

Language-Parser

This is a custom Just-In-Time complier or Parser for a simple programming language.  The programming language is called 'My Custom Language' or MCL. All code files are written with the .mcl suffix.

This project was done for my University of Washington Graduate EE590 class as a final homework assignment. This assignment was to extend a previously created JSON parser to support a simple custom programming language capable of variable assignments, expressions, numbers, strings, arrays and JSONable objects and simple print function. This project could be written in C++ or Javascript (my choice).

For this assignment I chose to write this code in Javascript. Given our time constraint, the flexibility and forgiving nature of Javascript made it a reasonable choice. I believe that any additional improvements to this parser, it should be ported to a more strict language, such as C or C++.

Requirements:
* NodeJS --> https://nodejs.org/en/
* Any OS that can run NodeJS will work.

How to Use:
* Clone this repository to your computer.
* Navigate to the 'js_parser' subfolder.
* From there you can run the sample 'test.mcl' code file. This file will test and show all the available syntax this parser currently supports.

To Execute (depending on your OS):
> node run_mcl.js test.mcl
>
> or
>
> nodejs run_mcl.js test.mcl

Commit message:

updated README. add more to "if" statements. more TODOs

README.md, after:

# ee590 hw9 problem 5

Language-Parser

This is a custom Just-In-Time complier or Parser for a simple programming language.  The programming language is called 'My Custom Language' or MCL. All code files are written with the .mcl suffix.

This project was done for my University of Washington Graduate EE590 class as a final homework assignment. This assignment was to extend a previously created JSON parser to support a simple custom programming language capable of variable assignments, expressions, numbers, strings, arrays and JSONable objects and simple print function. This project could be written in C++ or Javascript (my choice).

For this assignment I chose to write this code in Javascript. Given our time constraint, the flexibility and forgiving nature of Javascript made it a reasonable choice. I believe that any additional improvements to this parser, it should be ported to a more strict language, such as C or C++.  I also wish I had additional time to include other programming blocks such as if and while statements and functions. I had started to add those functionalities to my MCL, but unfortunately was unable to get it working or ran out of time.

The use of Javascript offered a simple way to tokenize the code using Regular Expressions. Once the code file was tokenized I was able to parse it into useful commands. By using the concept of a recursive descent parser, I was able to read and interpret the code file.  By using this method, my code accomplishes the task of creating a simple programming language and parser tool. I can currently store variables of type Number, Array, and Hash. I can assign values to each type of variable, edit them and recall them to use in simple expressions. I can also read print statements from my code files to print variable values and plain text to the console screen. This functionality accomplishes the core requirements of the assignment.

Requirements:
* NodeJS --> https://nodejs.org/en/
* Any OS that can run NodeJS will work.

How to Use:
* Clone this repository to your computer.
* Navigate to the 'js_parser' subfolder.
* From there you can run the sample 'test.mcl' code file. This file will test and show all the available syntax this parser currently supports.

To Execute (depending on your OS):
> node run_mcl.js test.mcl
>
> or
>
> nodejs run_mcl.js test.mcl
